firebase: init (#645)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/frameworks/firebase.md

> ![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gitpod-io/firebase-on-gitpod/master/img/firebase-on-gitpod-header.png)

Reviewer: Please add an alt image description, e.g.:

```suggestion
![Gitpod on Firebase, a proof of concept](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gitpod-io/firebase-on-gitpod/master/img/firebase-on-gitpod-header.png)
```

However, since none of the other guides have a header, maybe having one here isn't necessary.

# Firebase on Gitpod

Firebase is a platform owned by Google which is used to develop mobile and web applications

> [![Open proof-of-concept in gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io#snapshot/45abf388-128e-4cce-b336-20ba69288d84)

Reviewer: Please explain what this button does, e.g. by adding an intro sentence like:

```suggestion
To experience Firebase in Gitpod, we have created a proof-of-concept snapshot that you can launch in one click:

[![Open Firebase proof-of-concept in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io#snapshot/45abf388-128e-4cce-b336-20ba69288d84)
```

> ### Configuring the access token

Reviewer: Before this section, I think it would be cool to explain how one can install Firebase in Gitpod.

E.g. assume that the reader is relatively new to Gitpod -- the Scala section is a great example of how to achieve this: https://www.gitpod.io/docs/languages/scala/#installing-scala

> ![Theia (Gitpod's editor)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia) is as of 18/05/2020 using `iframe` to display pages in it's preview which is not allowed on some Google websites (https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/1528) and so firebase on gitpod requires the end-user to be logged-in using a hyperlink generated from `firebase login --no-localhost` and it's token stored as environmental variable `FIREBASE_TOKEN` in https://gitpod.io/settings to avoid parsing `firebase subcommand --token YOUR_TOKEN` for every command.

Reviewer: Theia is not really an editor, but a full IDE:

```suggestion
![Theia (Gitpod's IDE)](https://github.com/eclipse-theia/theia) is as of 18/05/2020 using `iframe` to display pages in its preview which is not allowed on some Google websites (https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/1528) and so Firebase on Gitpod requires the end-user to log in using a hyperlink generated from `firebase login --no-localhost` and its token stored as environmental variable `FIREBASE_TOKEN` in https://gitpod.io/settings/ to avoid passing `--token YOUR_TOKEN` for every `firebase` command.
```
